Inkscape Layer Slicer
=====================

It can be useful to "slice" images and export the slices.  This
extension facilitates that.

Here's the process I've used for slicing web layout with
Inkscape. Create your webpage layout (set page units to "px",
width/height appropriately and snap to 1 pixel intervals. This should
allow pixel perfect alignment). Then create a new layer, naming it
slices. Draw rectangles over the areas you want to slice (set
x,y,width,height to whole pixel values). Name these rectangles using
the Object Properties found in the right click contextual menu (the
saved images name will be based on that value, so name them something
like "header" instead of the default/non-useful "rect4312"). 

What the plugin then does is iterate over all of the rectangle
definitions found in the slice layer and set the opacity of the slice
rectangle to 0. (That allows you to make slightly transparent slices,
which are easier to deal with than invisible ones) It then creates
pngs for every slice. After completing the slicing, it then sets all
the slice rectangles to red at 25% opacity. To continue working on
your design without having to deal with the slices being selected,
just "lock" the slice layer and your clicks should fall through. You
can also click the "eye" on the slice layer to not view it.

LICENSE
=======

GPL2

Installation
============

Put the .inx file and .py file in ~/.inkscape/extensions/ and restart
inkscape.

Status
======

I've used this since 2007 for simple web graphics and doing
presentation images.  It was submitted to Inkscape for inclusion but
rejected because it clobbers existing exported files.

See https://bugs.launchpad.net/inkscape/+bug/169985

